In this demonstration, we'll explore the poll and consume APIs in more detail.
In this demonstration, we can see that we have
a consume methods similar to what we've seen in previous examples.
We have a while loop with a poll function that waits one second between timeouts.
Once we get the message, we check if it's none,
if it has an error, and then we print out the message key and value.
What we're going to do instead,
is we're going to try using the consume method
here to grab more than one message at a time.
So let's see what that looks like.
It changes from c.poll to c.consume,
and we're going to say that we want 10 messages at a time,
and we're going to change this to be messages instead of message,
because consume will return a list of messages.
Next, we're going to iterate over each one of these messages.
What's really nice about this,
is that the syntax is almost identical to poll.
So to update our code to
handle consuming a list of messages
opposed to handling poll where we get one message at a time,
simply means to wrap our existing code in a for loop.
So that being done,
we can now simply run Sample 6 and try to get 10 messages at a time. All right.
We're not going to see 10 messages pop up all at once.
What is nice here is that you can see that it works essentially the same way.
We're never timing out.
We're always grabbing some data and we can see that it didn't
take much to actually modify our application to grab more than one message at a time.
So consider using consume if you want to grab
buckets of messages instead of just one message at every iteration.